Pain is the touchstone of spiritual growth.
Happiness is appreciating what you have, not getting what you want.
If God brings you to it, He will bring you through it.
Remember: It's ok to look back but don't stare. 
 Alcoholic drinking's three stages: impulsive, compulsive, repulsive. 
Those who abandon their dreams will discourage yours
We can no longer be content with just getting by.
I spent a lifetime in hell and it only took me twelve steps to get to heaven.
Would you like to be right or happy?
When I came to recovery I realized that being a child for 28 years nearly killed me
We came to these rooms not because we drank a lot, but because we drank too much.
Serenity is not the absence of conflict, but the ability to cope with it.
Minds are like parachutes. They only function when they are open. 
Remember, don't run so fast that your guardian angel can't keep up
The longer I'm sober, the drunker I was.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow's a mystery, and today is a gift!  
The only normal people are the one's you don't know very well.
We have good news and bad news here. The good news is you never have to drink again even if you want to. The bad news is that we're your new friends.
Sorrow looks back; Worry looks ahead; Faith looks up!
I am the black sheep of the family. I came to Alcoholics Anonymous and found the rest of the herd.
No Suffer, No Growth 
I don't thank God for opening the gates of Heaven and letting me in, I thank God for opening the gates of Hell and letting me out
I came for my drinking and stayed for my thinking.
Sobriety is its own reward.
I didn't want to go to A.A. I had lost alot of friends to A.A.!
To thine own self be true. 
Slippery Souls need Sober Shoes
Happiness keeps You Sweet, Trials keep You Strong, Sorrows keep You Human, Failures keep You Humble, Success keeps You Glowing, But Only God keeps You Going!
It's not what I know in recovery that keeps me sober. It's what I Do that keeps me sober.
I used to be a hopeless dope fiend; today I'm dopeless hope fiend.
Suit up and Show up, Don't shoot up and throw up
If God made anything better than this, He kept it for himself!
If I Forget 'What' I am, It doesn't Matter 'Who' I am.
god helps those who help themselves do nothing and nothing will happen
I searched for the enemy that I could not see, when I looked in the mirror the enemy was me.
There is a GOD and I am not it.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday so live in the now!
Spiritual Awakenings often come in Rude Awakenings, so you better pay attention!
Using is like a merry go round and will only stop when i stop putting 20 cents in.
When you dance with a gorilla it is the gorilla who decides when to stop.
Justify=Just-if-I would have/could have...!!!! Then I would have/could have
If the path your on has no obstacles, then it probably doesn't lead anywhere. 
It is when you act on faith that you actually have it.
A twelve by twelve is a heavy timber for a person to carry alone. But there can be many helping hands if we just pick up the 'phone.
It works if you work it, so work it cause you're worth it
Are you comparing your insides to someone else's outsides?
Thank God for Alcoholics Anonymous and thank Alcoholics Anonymous for God.
Go Easy!!! And if you can't Go Easy, Go Easy As You Can.
The first drink gets you drunk. 
I sought my soul but could no seek. I sought my God but he eluded me. then I sought my brother and found all three.
Every day is not 100% however, it is a 100% better than my best day of drinking
We must become the change we want to see...Ghandi
By changing attitudes and finding solutions through our own program of recovery, we can regain our sense of hope, serenity, freedom, and joy...
You know you'll be back, so why don't you just stay?
Alcohol gave me wings and then slowly took away my sky.
Walking around drunk is like walking around with your fly open. Everyone sees it except you. 
Negativity is my disease asking me to come out and play.
One Day at a time. Keep coming back it really works!
Anything an alcoholic lets go of has claw marks all over it.
Keep an open mind. 
You can live a perfectly normal life, as soon as you realize your life will never be perfectly normal
Love is less a feeling than a thousand tiny acts of kindness. 
Just because you are having a bad day,dosen,t mean you are having a bad life
I only drank on special occasions, like the grand opening of a pack of cigarettes.
Where ever you go, there you are!
We are not failing as long as we are trying. 
Today is a gift; that's why it's called the present.
Without God I can't. Without me, He won't. 
Just remember to B-R-E-A-T-H-E... Breathe in God, breathe out self.
Expectations are resentments waiting to happen. 
If I don't go to meetings, I don't hear what God wants me to hear!
Any fool can criticize, and many of them do. 
The person who forgets is doomed to repeat. 
Anger is the wind that blows out the candle of the mind
Attitudes are contagious... Is yours worth catching?
The slipper prayer...pray when you put them on and pray when you put them away at night...then you'll never forget 
A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool does from his friends. 
In my disease I was running from the dark. Now that I am in recovery I find that I am walking toward the light.
My ego keeps me from you and God from me.
My definition of balance is being able to obsess equally in all areas of my life.
A problem and a solution cannot both coexist in your mind at the same time.
A coincidence is when MY will and God's will coincide.
Looking for a relationship in AA is like shopping for a car in a junkyard. 
Meeting Makers Make It!
Stepping out on nothing willing to fall on something!
The message is under the ashtray.
Just because you have pain, doesn't mean you have to be one. 
God is the greyhound driver I am the passenger and the only baggage I need to take along today are the steps and the tools.
A sick mind is a terrible thing to waist. just remember it's for amusement only
Remember, once you're a pickle, you can never be a cucumber again.
It's ok to look back just don't stare
I'm not powerless over my recovery; my recovery is progressive.
When you point a finger at someone, there are three pointing back at you. 
I'm not in the results business. I'm in the efforts business. s.l.i.p. = Sobriety Lost Its Priority
Don't take yourself too seriously.
It's the second meeting that's the most important one.
You don't have to see the whole staircase at once, just the first step, one step at a time.
Whenever you are in conflict with someone there is one factor that can make the difference between damaging your relationship or deepening that relationship..that factor is attitude 
Uncover to Recover.
The minute I take control that's when I lose control.
Don't leave 5 minutes before the miracle happens!
Resentments are like hemorrhoids, they only effect the a__hole who has them
if your knees knock kneel
I do not like to pray everyday, so I'll just pray on days that end in Y
I know God will not give me anything I can't handle. I just wish that He didn't trust me so much.-Mother Teresa
I looked to a drug for courage, and it made me a coward.
There are only two sins: To stand in the way of someone else's growth, or to stand in the way of your own.
A resentment is hurting yourself with the hope that someone else will feel the pain. 
Beneath every skirt, there is a slip!
I am powerless but not helpless.
Take care of the little things, the bigger things are easier to handle
Success is getting up after you fall down.
Wisdom is knowledge you learn after you know it all.
I may only have one recovery in me. 
Sereneity is what we get when we quit hoping for a better past.
Prayers: You need the practice, and I need the prayers!
An excuse is nothing more than a thin skin stretched over a bald faced lie.
Sponsors are like clothes, if they don't suit you, then change them.
We are either working on recovery or we're working on a relapse.
The sleeper gets nothing but the dream.
90% of our problems are caused by our own thoughts
I will fabricate pain to set me up for future pain.
Stepping out on nothing willing to fall on something!
Enjoy life today, it is not a dress rehearsal.
The AA slogans are like railings for the Steps.
Seven days without a meeting makes one weak
Sometimes you need to lose yourself, before you can find anything.....
Just keep bring the body. Sooner or later the mind will follow!
Surrender, is not being weak and giving up...it's simply coming over to the winning side.. using a power greater than yourself to continue the journey.
It all works out in the end...if it hasn't worked out yet, it's not the end.
Things might not get better for me, but I can get better despite things
Men do not attract that which they want, but that which they are
Even if you remove all the rum from a fruitcake, you still have a fruitcake!
What happened in the past is over, you can't unscramble scrambled eggs!
God Listens to Knee Mail
The longer you stay sober, the narrower the path.
Attitude is 80% what happens to me and 20% how I deal with it.
There is no escalator in AA, you have to take the steps.
If I could drink like a regular person...I'd drink all the time. Therein lies our paradox...
God never closes one door without opening another, but sometimes He makes us wait in the hallway...
All you get from sitting on the pity pot is a big ring around your butt.
When the door of happiness closes, another opens, but often times we look so long at the closed door, that we don't see the one which has been opened for us.
Don't forget that the world record is 24 hours
If you are not working on the solution you are working on the problem.
Remember one thing, if you walk 10 miles into the woods, you have walk 10 miles to get out, so you might as well just enjoy the walk now that you can remember it.
TIME=things I must earn
Never Alone Never Again God got you to it, He'll get you through it
Don't plant the fruit of today with the seeds of your past
High on coffee and nicotine,I'm a serene machine
The slogans are Band-aids; The steps are the cure; your Higher Power is the doctor.
I've learned to stay out of my own way and let a greater power guide me and it works better than anything I could have ever dreamt up.
Anything worth doing, is worth doing wrong. Give up perfectionism and replace it with attitude 
NUTS = Not Using The Steps
Oh God Why me? Why not you?
We Can't Help You - If You Aren't Here!
If you want to change who you are, change what you do.
We might as well  Let Go and Let God  because in the end He is going to do it anyway.
My best thinking got me drunk.
It's impossible to stumble when you are on your knees.
The promises tell that I will no longer be afraid of economic insecurity not that I won't be screwed economically.
Live life today as though you knew you were dying
I may not be where I want to be but thank God I am not where I was!!!!!!
If your gonna pray for potatoes, you'd better grab a hoe 
